what's with the jeans yeah that's pretty
good that was really impressed that you
did that on the beach we need a contest
I just realized this yeah because of our
licensing things are gonna come up why
don't we do a would you rather theme
song to us that'll be great idea
consider the floodgates are open send in
a would you rather a theme song
originally it was a Cosby cello remix
then he raped a bunch of people right
now we have a placeholder but it's a
glorious Stefon song so why don't we
have an original would you rather theme
song contest you send it in send them
you know something it you can it can so
you can say would you rather in it you
can have nothing to do with that but
it'll be the prompt for would you rather
x' to good idea genes send them to your
mom's podcast at gmail.com there's no
house in the email address your mom's
podcast at gmail.com jeans
what's your would you rather okay
finally dine fuckin do this one okay so
would you rather okay you have to lick
fiefs mouth like lick it like see his
little black lit like he's got lips yeah
I need a full ooh you got a lick his
lips and his beard like you know how he
goes in the backyard and he licks in the
dirt and he comes in that's covered in
dirt and just you smelled his mouth like
his mouth smells like a fish market yeah
and it's so crooks and his teeth are all
cruddy you gotta lick the fur around his
mouth his lips and his teeth yeah
lick that up or every time you got to go
potty number one and number two you have
to go outside with the dogs everyone let
you out like Tommy you gotta go potty
you gotta go potty
everybody and then I'll let you out
bitsy and thief and then you shit and
piss where they should I got I need to
have some questions
so when yeah when I have to lick his
mouth once
yeah and lick his whole beard the beard
mouth the lips the teeth you just kind
of give it a thorough lick and it smells
horrible and then drinking whiskey and
smoking but it's either that or how many
times I'm like is he going to do
okay so then one month of you peeing and
pooping outside with the dogs but it's
every time I let the dogs out you go
with them and you shit in our yard it's
crazy
the gardener's like am I gonna learn a
big he's he goes he goes I cannot pick
up this shit mum mm-hm
this is a people shit you mentioned the
dog they take a big big shit and it's
too big for me yeah the gardener is
gonna be like um you gotta pay me more
for this man cannot pick up human shit
do you think he'd be like from the Jizo
dress again some value gain homie
fucking wonderful waste our manpower
gang homie oh so Daniels like these
aren't dogs these are like people these
are people shit well here's the thing is
that so he kind of doesn't pick up the
dog they're not gonna shit for a month
outside why you'd rather lick all yes
I'm gonna vomit profusely and intensely
but it also be all over in a day that's
why I would do that yeah remember
thief's mouth smells like I know come up
to me probably for the rest of my life
every day like gonna make my mouth
I love dude he eats barf he Bitsy's barf
the other day all right for a month
that's crazy you see kid on the street
one time that was an accident but here's
the thing bro is I'd make it nice for
you I put some toilet paper out there I
put like a stool no the squatty potty no
I'm licking the dog's face ones it's a
trade-off it's it's a reasonable pitch
that you've made but I'm definitely
taking the other option come I'm peeing
and shooting outside for a month with
the dogs yeah because I only shit once a
day not like you you should five times a
day yeah it's the thing as I should a
lot yeah and we keep going outside what
I mean if you should that many times a
day for a month people are gonna see me
so neighbors eventually are gonna be
like hey Tom what are you doing that
again the kids are out I gotta take a
dump I lost - would you rather a thing
and I don't want to like my dog's beard
why I kind of want to see you shit in
our yard though I think it'd be pretty
funny your squad I'm just outside once
in our house shut the fuck up yeah when
I forget it wasn't that long ago though